Hello! Today, we will learn the most adventurous story ever produced in the history of mankind.
This is the story of Bob the Badger.

Since time immemorial, Bob has been living in the tunnels of the UW-Madison campus, relaxin' in
 the warm steam of the tunnels, devouring fresh Union Utopia Babcock Icecream(his favorite) while
 he browsed through a fine collection of memes on the UW-Madison Memes for Milk-Chugging Teens
 facebook page, but as all great stories go, something tragic happens...

One day one of the UW-Madison students named Emily saw Bob without knowing any story about Bob in the steam tunnel while she was working. Bob asked for a money but she would just pass frowing. And she would told her coworker that she saw someone in the tunnel. The coworker did not believe her and also told her that steam tunnel is only allowed for the workers. Emily got really scared of Bob so she called UW-Madison police officer about this incidence 

A UW-Madison police officer, charles, finaly came in front of the tunnel. Emily introduced her situation to charles. He even did not believed her saying, so he went into a tunnel with the fresh Union Utopia Babcock Icecream in case Bob attacks. Charles and Emily carefully walked in with a flashlight. Few minutes later, the flashlight turned off. "What is it?" Emily said. Charles relies, "It is out of battery. We shall walk along without light." "But what if the stranger attack us?" Emily said. Charles replies, "It will be alright. I have the icecream that he might like. Come on, let's go." And they are covered by the shadow of the tunnel...

Emi;y and the police officer decided to make a fire to see inside the tunnel. Aftyer that they could find Bob. Bob was there but he didnt want to attack them. Emily and the police officer get closer to him. When Bob saw Babcock icecream in their hands got so happy. He ate the whole icecream and say thanks to them. After that...

Bob was so satisfied with the icecream that he allowed Emily and Charles to take pictures of him so that they could make memes about him. He also gave them his autograph and procedded to chill in his tunnel. Charles got promoted due to his brave actions for the people of Madison. Emily dropped out of school and made a career out of memes. Bob became famous through the memes and peopl started calling him Tunnel Bob. Emily was so inspired by Tunnel Bob that she has decided to venture into every tunnel in the UW-Madison campus. Charles cautions her not to do it but is still supportive. (Oh, what a gentleman!)
